{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Links\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tropo.com/2011/09/receiving-and-sending-a-text-using-tropo-django/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 https://www.tropo.com/2011/09/receiving-and-sending-a-text-using-tropo-django/}}
\b0 \
requestAnimationFrame()\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.hznano.com/en/Products.asp?id=721"}}{\fldrslt http://www.hznano.com/en/Products.asp?id=721}}\
\
Host USB::\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.circuitsathome.com/mcu/hid-joystick-code-sample"}}{\fldrslt http://www.circuitsathome.com/mcu/hid-joystick-code-sample}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.circuitsathome.com/mcu/usb/visualizing-hid-device-reports-and-report-descriptors#more-7237"}}{\fldrslt http://www.circuitsathome.com/mcu/usb/visualizing-hid-device-reports-and-report-descriptors#more-7237}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0/blob/master/examples/Bluetooth/BTHID/BTHID.ino"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/felis/USB_Host_Shield_2.0/blob/master/examples/Bluetooth/BTHID/BTHID.ino}}\
\
Touch::\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.digikey.com/US/EN/techzone/sensors/resources/articles/input-and-control-of-devices-part-1.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.digikey.com/US/EN/techzone/sensors/resources/articles/input-and-control-of-devices-part-1.html}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.atmel.com/devices/at42qt1011.aspx?tab=documents"}}{\fldrslt http://www.atmel.com/devices/at42qt1011.aspx?tab=documents}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/64062/simplest-touch-sensor-for-a-copper-surface"}}{\fldrslt http://electronics.stackexchange.com/questions/64062/simplest-touch-sensor-for-a-copper-surface}}\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b\fs20 \cf0 AT42QT1011-MAH\

\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b LTable\

\b0 button modes, cool lights UI (lights, clot picker, etc)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://appnexusu.litmos.com/course/40139/module/264608"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 https://appnexusu.litmos.com/course/40139/module/264608}}\
SMS thru google voice, tropo\
nginx + unicorn + gevent, rip out apache\
set up git mirror repo (uses ssh, no additional conn)\
start testing 3M controller. figure out HID device shield code\
\
5. acquire drill, harborfreight for drill + trim router + cutout tool/saw \
	dado / rabbet cut, bore led holes, cut plywood\
6. buy clamps, pegs\
\
Use arduino without worrying about dynamic ip:\
Arduino makes a call to bereketabraham.com/lab/ip1 with key in query string. Server saves IP address and passes the value to web socket javascript code. Then, client connects to bereketabraham.com/lab/table1 and establishes web socket connection. Uses a grid of buttons to turn pixels on/off and set color\
\
Basics: Build table, install lights, change lighting modes using numpad\
Interaction1: Internet enabled. Requires ethernet and some set up\
Interaction2: Capacitive touch. Very expensive. Requires transparent conductive paint\
	1. gerry-rig controller for x-y resolution. somewhat risky / unstable\
	2. Use 150 sensors with 13 touch boards. Guaranteed to work but unsustainable\
}